Keep your eyes peeled.
This is the agreement for Su's Group to enter Wancheng
How is that possible?
We racked our brains
By all means
Even let the Zhang family's hundred schools soar into the sky
No agreement
Late Autumn shot it alone
Yes, my husband is so excellent
Are you kidding me?
This is impossible.
Bring it to me
Really? It's real.
Pick
Sign this agreement for our Su family
Old silver
This settlement agreement will help you get it during the late break
I got it.
Then you have to promise before
Of course it counts
I declare Su Wanqiu as Su Group
Made significant and outstanding contributions
From today onwards
He was officially promoted to head of the design department of the Su Group
Wait a minute.
There is a problem with this agreement